I want to build this app like "https://www.samcart.com/"
It is a platform for selling digital products but also have option for selling physical product as well. It works like sale funnel for every product instead of just checkout pages. I have added the features I need for this app below. Also I have marked the features as "Later implemetation" which I would like to implement later, but should have in plan.


" 1-Click Upsells
Cart Abandonment
Checkout Anywhere
CheckoutOS
Courses App
Customer Hub
Integration Engine
Order Bumps & Add Ons
Payment Options
Payment Processors
Reporting
Sales Pages
Subscriptions
Accept Payments Online


Sell Anything

Digital Products & Downloads
Sell your e-books, PDFs, services and more.
Sellers should have upload single of multiple files for any product, And it will generate download link automatically and the files will be added to the media library of the sellers. Also, after purchasing any product customers of the sellers can download the products file, also customers will get email with download link of the product file or files.


Physical Products
Sell more of your physical products and goods with tools built to convert.


Embedded Checkout
Integrate checkout into any page on your website.

Slide Checkout
Add a checkout to any button, anywhere.
express checkout
Express Checkout
Lightning fast checkout to increase your conversions.

Pages AI
NEW
AI powered page builder for sales, leads, and more.
Scale Your Profits
Speed checkout optimizations and autofills
CheckoutOS
Smart technology that makes you more money.
order bump and add ons
Order Bumps & Add Ons
Maximize sales by offering recommend products.
upsells and downsells
1-Click Upsells


Payment Methods
Flexible options for how customers pay for their order.

Coupons
Convert more customers with dynamic coupons.
Cart abandonment features 
Cart Abandonment
Automatically capture and recover lost sales.


Customer Hub
Automate your customer support.

Shipping &
Logistics- "Later implementation"
Automate shipping & streamline fullfillment

Pixels & Analytics
Pixel integration and tracking made easy.
Integration engine
Integrations
Plugin your favorite tools for email, community, etc.


Affiliate Center- "Later implementation"
Recruit your own private army of sales partners.

NEW PAGES AI
Instantly design high converting pages with AI
"
Also, I need to add some base features for this app as well.
This app is a saas, so seller can sign up and login with google, sllers will have all the fuctionality they need like the features I mentioned. 

Super admin the platform owners should have control over everything from admin panel like users management, subscription plan managements with features enable and disable like other saas app, coupon management for sellers, payment gateway integration and managements for seller by which sellers can pay and use the platform, order managements, facebook pixel integration with server side traking, matching score improvements, event deduplications, etc, email integration for platform, google analytics integrations,  AFFILIATES system for the platform where seller can refer and earn commission with the features below,

Affiliate Settings

Commission Tiers

Affiliates

Upgrade Requests

Coupon Requests

Fraud Detection

Payouts

Performance,

Full analytics dashboard for the platform etc.

Api intregation for AI Page builder for sellers- I will use gemini API with gemini-3-pro and other models with latest release as well, and openrouter api with latest models.

Also, admin can create temeplates for sales funnels for everysteps and add them on templates library with free and premium or on a subscription paln for exclusive use, and sellers can use them from the templates library during creating sales funnels.